README.md, before:

# AIC Art Viewer App
## Using the Art Institute of Chicago API

## CS 455 Final Project Using React-Native


# Table of Contents
1. [Project Description](#project-description)
2. [Features](#features)
3. [Installation Instructions](#installation-instructions)
4. [Operating Instructions](#operating-instructions)
5. [File Manifest](#file-manifest)
6. [Copyright Information](#copyright-information)
7. [Contact Information](#contact-information)
8. [Bug List](#bug-list)
9. [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting-tips)
10. [Credits and Acknowledgements](#credits-and-acknowledgments)

## Project description

## Features
## Installation instructions

## Operating instructions

## File Manifest

## Copyright information

## Contact information

## Bug list

## Troubleshooting tips

## Credits and acknowledgments


Ultimately, the purpose of a README is to instruct the user as to what the application does, how it is compiled and installed and how the application is used. A user should be able to build, run and use your application with minimal effort. If the user encounters an issue, they should be able to get support, therefore you should include some instructions for troubleshooting and a way to contact you in case that fails. Note that it is good practice, although it is not required, that you do not commit directly to a master branch, instead pull from a working branch when changes are considered final.

Other features that contribute to a great README file may include:

     A project logo
     Project badges
     Demo screenshots / gifs
     Table of contents
     Concise project description
     Clear install instructions
     Features list
     Links to further reading
     Change log

There are a number of guides and templates for working with README files in awesome-readme. Have a read of some of those and find a style that works best for you and your project.

# Table of Contents
1. [Example](#example)
2. [Example2](#example2)
3. [Third Example](#third-example)
4. [Fourth Example](#fourth-examplehttpwwwfourthexamplecom)


## Example
## Example2

## Third Example
## [Fourth Example](http://www.fourthexample.com) 
=======
## [Fourth Example](http://www.fourthexample.com)

Commit message:

browse subjects and readme gifs.

README.md, after:

# Mobile Art Viewer Using the Art Institute of Chicago API

## CS 455 - Mobile Computing: React-Native Project

# Table of Contents
1. [Project Description](#project-description)
2. [Features](#features)
3. [Installation Instructions](#installation-instructions)
4. [Operating Instructions](#operating-instructions)
5. [File Manifest](#file-manifest)
6. [Copyright Information](#copyright-information)
7. [Contact Information](#contact-information)
8. [Bug List](#bug-list)
9. [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting-tips)
10. [Credits and Acknowledgements](#credits-and-acknowledgments)

## Project description
This project is a React Native application for viewing artwork and information from the Art Institute of Chicago's public API. The AIC API is a REST-style API that provides data of tonnes of information regarding the Arts Institute of Chicago. For the purposes of this project, I will only be looking at the artwork. https://iiif.io/api/image/2.0/.  Information about the API can be found here https://api.artic.edu/docs/#introduction.

## Features
![Art Search](https://media.giphy.com/media/2ojjZgXkgFgiFr0tDX/giphy.gif)

![Pagination](https://media.giphy.com/media/LrkkNsbFBFvkjZCcNC/giphy.gif)

![Browse](https://media.giphy.com/media/TphH6AXOxL7mCNrOuC/giphy.gif)

![Random](https://media.giphy.com/media/LGsYCxoFQ3im7Wl6bp/giphy.gif)
## Installation instructions

## Operating instructions

## File Manifest

## Copyright information

## Contact information

## Bug list

## Troubleshooting tips

## References and credits
[1]: https://api.artic.edu/

Ultimately, the purpose of a README is to instruct the user as to what the application does, how it is compiled and installed and how the application is used. A user should be able to build, run and use your application with minimal effort. If the user encounters an issue, they should be able to get support, therefore you should include some instructions for troubleshooting and a way to contact you in case that fails. Note that it is good practice, although it is not required, that you do not commit directly to a master branch, instead pull from a working branch when changes are considered final.

Other features that contribute to a great README file may include:

     A project logo
     Project badges
     Demo screenshots / gifs
     Table of contents
     Concise project description
     Clear install instructions
     Features list
     Links to further reading
     Change log
